docs: reference Grafana Agent Flow as an OTel Collector distribution (#6633)
grafana/agent: README.md

<p align="center"><img src="docs/sources/assets/logo_and_name.png" alt="Grafana Agent logo"></p>

> Grafana Agent is an OpenTelemetry Collector distribution with configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Agent is Grafana's distribution of the OpenTelemetry Collector distribution with configuration
```

Author: After discussing offline, we decided to go with the original verbiage for now.
